welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insights to help you skyrocket your own
business
[Music]
hi everyone and welcome back to a fresh
episode of sam's business growth show
i'm delighted to be joined by yaroon
courthouse today
urina is the co-founder and ceo over at
salesflare an intelligent crm built for
small to medium businesses selling b2b
used by thousands of agencies and
software as a service companies
salesweight itself was founded when
yoruna's co-founder leo
lieven wanted to manage leads for their
own software company an easier way
they didn't like keeping track of them
manually and built sales flow which
pulls customer data
together automatically it's now the most
popular crm on product hunt and top
rated on review platforms like g2
for receiving ease of use and automated
features you're in a very warm welcome
sir
how are you doing i'm doing well how are
you
good my friend looking forward to
chatting with you and i know today um
the main topic of focus is going to be
how to compete with giants
as a small business which i'm sure a lot
of people are going to be interested in
some of the tips
and advice and strategies that you've
got i certainly am
on how we can overtake because i think
in all of our industries especially when
starting companies
we we look at these big brands when we
perhaps do a google search and we see
them come up and we think how the heck
are we going to compete with them
it's going to take me years and years to
actually have a chance of getting these
kind of customers so it'll be
interesting to
to see the tips and tricks that you can
share with us today and um
the takeaways that we can learn from
your good self before we get stuck into
that you're in
um give us a quick snapshot of yourself
tell us um
a bit of your background tell us why you
started salesflow and how that came
about
yeah um very short
um previous to salesflare i worked in a
marketing consultancy
slash agency um that used salesforce
internally
um salesforce was sort of my
very first crm so i i took using it very
seriously
um people told me that would help me
organize my sales so i
i really tried using it for sales
follow-up but
i just didn't manage to make it work for
me so well and it actually didn't really
work for any of my
my sales colleagues either i must say
our ceo
loved it for doing reporting and i'm i'm
sure he still does
but we the sales people ourselves we
didn't really get much further than
entering our
sales opportunities in there it just
didn't really help us sell
so it didn't make sense for us to use it
for more than management reporting
and i i didn't really do anything with
that insight for a few years
until i was working with my co-founder
leaving on another software company
and we had a ton of leads to follow up
and i i knew salesforce wasn't
really going to help us with that um so
we had a good look around
and we tested different crms but all of
these serums
sort of failed time and time again at
the same point
and that was us uh because we didn't
really manage to fill them out like we
were expected to fill them out
um we didn't really have the discipline
to sort of be these
perfect data input robots the
software expected us to be this kind of
robots but
we we weren't and and and we thought
well
most sales people aren't and and that's
when we figured that it
doesn't really have to be that way um
and that we could build a system that
isn't dependent on us to do the data
input
and that also actually helps us to
follow up and make more sales
so we figured that the things we and
everyone else were inputting into our
crm
were basically information that was
already available in other places
like in your emails uh in your calendar
in your phone uh in social media
company databases email tracking web
tracking
and all we needed to do was surface that
information
connect it automatically and then offer
it back to you in such a way that you
can
sort of curate that information in just
a few clicks
um and that's when salesfly was born
it's a
it's an intelligence crm that's built on
top of existing data
and that organizes that data
automatically so you don't need to fill
out the serum manually
it's also a crm back to my point before
that actually helps you with following
following up your customers by keeping
track of everything
providing a great overview and even
automatically reminding you when a
certain customer needs follow-up awesome
man
so um i think i speak for a lot of
salespeople perhaps not everyone here
when i i certainly know for one i hate
entering data into a crm
it's the bane of my life quite often i
forget to do it especially if i'm out
and about and an inbound lead comes in
on my phone so i pick it up i might give
them a call or give them an email
and then i'll think a couple days later
oh damn i forgot to enter that into my
crm
i probably shouldn't share with everyone
what crm i'm actually using because i'm
almost a bit embarrassed
about what i'm actually using to manage
my leads and uh
that's that's what perhaps talk about a
bit later
but the yeah it's a great point because
we we're all
not every sales profession but we're all
guilty of kind of leaving it to last
minute
and having like you said really complex
crms that just take so long to fill out
is quite often the bane of our lives are
mature when we want to be focusing on
revenue based tasks so we can hit our
targets and get sales flowing so yeah
interesting
um what was it like um kind of going
into an industry because there's a lot
of crm providers right
how how did you guys manage to to break
out and stand out from the crowds and
and start generating revenue yeah so
one of one of the very first things uh
we thought was
we're not going to build the crm uh
we're going to build something new we're
going to build a sales platform
and that sales platform is going to run
next to sort of a sales force and
connect with it
and it was going to solve the issue that
i was talking about for bigger companies
um but that's something that the bigger
companies were not
really ready for um they just wanted to
fix salesforce they didn't want another
system next to it
um so we had to pivot to smaller
companies
uh pretty quickly it took us
about um a year i think to build the
first version
the issue with having to build a crm is
that there's a lot of expectations
it's not like you just built an mvp and
everybody's like oh yeah that's good
enough
uh now they compare with all these other
systems out there and they're like yeah
this doesn't do that and that and then
yeah the the first customer that
actually believed
in uh what we built was um
after after a year um they
had such a big problem with with they
had microsoft dynamics
and their sales people really weren't
using it which was hurting their sales
um and they had read about us in um
in an online magazine a dutch online
magazine called marketingfacts.net
uh and they had read that we offered
something that
uh would would solve that issue um
so they came to us um after a lot of
discussions
um signed a yearly check and that's when
when we got the first customer and
actually
i think the first few were either true
things like br um or
they were through us reaching out to
people within our network
okay um we started off with doing
customer interviews
yeah um based on on my network and then
going beyond that
asking these people like who else should
we talk to so we sort of build a small
network that we could sell to
uh and that's where most of the leads in
the beginning came from apart from
us getting in the in the press sometimes
which as a as a
early startup was uh was not too
difficult especially local press
uh was okay getting in tech press is is
pretty hard that's something we never
really succeeded we were once on the
front page of techcrunch but i was not
in an article it was a video because
we're
currently disrupt got it man okay
so a combination of utilizing local
press and also your existing network
which makes sense i mean we already know
these people so why don't we start
networking with them and generating some
business
um no that's that's cool and i i
understand what you said when you said
it
took about a year or so i mean crm is a
huge product to develop
and if you're like um building many
things there's there's often
stone duty internal features that you
forget about and it's not until people
start testing these kind of products
that you actually think oh
we might have forgotten about this or we
need to add this and all these kind of
fun and games that come with it what
would you say was one or two of the
biggest lessons learned
in developing a brand new crm and
product and hiring staff and
bringing it to market was there anything
you could share that you learned that if
anyone's thinking of going into business
themselves that you could share with
them a tip that might save them time or
not make a mistake you did um
i think some of the early mistakes we
made is
we try to make some things um
too optimal for the user in the sense
that uh
we we thought if we do it like this and
this and this
then it will be so good for the user but
what we forgot
uh thinking about was whether the user
would understand what we did for them
so we thought we're doing really well
for them but they were like
what is this doing yeah we don't we
don't get it
uh so that's something that in our very
initial
uh versions uh we had to get out again
so we went from something that was
technologically and logically
like perfect we had to bring it back a
bit to
to keep the balance with uh with
usability
go ahead um that's something that you
easily
start doing if you don't have a lot of
customers yet
and users so focus on what your
customers actually want rather than what
you think they want is that right
yeah yeah and and and not
thinking too much uh from their
use usability perspective thinking about
we're doing something awesome for them
here
but not thinking it through in terms of
like are they going to get it
okay uh that's that's that's was for us
an
initially quite a big danger then
getting that first feedback is pretty
hard as well
um so in the beginning when you have
nobody using your product
you need to beg for feedback uh now we
don't have to do that
at all anymore sometimes it's like how
do we manage all these feedback
but in the beginning you you best stay
very close to your customers
um i see a lot of companies trying to
scale right away trying to immediately
create a distance with your customers
which is a really bad idea because you
you
you crave that feedback you need it
otherwise you cannot improve your
product you cannot improve
the processes the way you deal with
customers the sort of
customer journey they go through i
believe you should keep
customers for as long as possible as
close as possible
so you can really find out how you can
optimize everything
and then slowly let things go
like piece by piece um
in the beginning i would guide the whole
process with customers
end to end um so i would
basically find the the leads uh
sell sales for to them well sell the
demo to them
have a demo with them then if they were
convinced
booking a call or doing it right away to
get them on the software
setting it up completely which was hard
in the beginning
together with them guiding them around
and then following up
after that you know the whole thing i
did
and it's it's only step by step that we
let
all these things sort of go
not everything but for instance uh
we don't like people just find us on the
site we don't have to
find them anymore they get on the
software
very easily a few clicks we don't have
to do that anymore
there's all setup guide in the software
that they use to set it up we don't have
to help that much anymore
uh you know all these kind of things
stereo
automating processes it sounds like yeah
which doesn't mean that we don't like to
stay very close to customers
because uh it adds a ton of value if you
if you still do uh it makes you so much
more
uh nimble and understanding of what they
need
which can make a big difference when
you're when you're competing with
with these big players that
um let's say between the
the founders or the c level and the
customers there's this huge distance
uh and we don't have that so we better
use that love that it makes perfect
sense i mean your customers are the one
who going to use a product
so it makes perfect sense that we should
be talking to them all the time getting
their feedback
doing what they like getting rid of what
they don't like and ultimately bringing
in
bringing more revenue and retaining our
customers because we all know for a fact
that is way more expensive to get new
customers than it is to retain existing
ones
so what you're saying is is is perfect
man okay
so moving on let's um let's get to the
main topic of the show your own let's
let's talk about how we can compete with
giants as a smoothie
so i'm sure there's a lot of um business
owners tuning in
they're in their sector and they've got
the the main the main brands that are
perhaps pumping thousands of
thousands into paid ads into seo into
content
into maybe tv media all these marketing
streams and they're perhaps wondering
how can i compete with these
how can i can i steal some of their
clients how can i get ahead of them and
start joining more revenue
and i believe you've got a six step
process right on how we can do this
uh yeah seven yeah i can still
really matter yeah no no it's a it's
definitely a pain i
i i feel um we have
huge competitors uh that are from like
a hundred times bigger to whatever seven
seven thousand times bigger in terms of
size
and that's not just the teams that's
also the resources
so like you said there's a they they can
just steal
traffic everywhere get visibility they
have this
so much money that it's it's very hard
for us to compete
so what we have to compete on is is
is really listening better uh
it's learning quicker it's moving faster
and well there's there's a few things
you can do
to to sort of make that happen uh
like you said there's uh well i can i
can discuss seven topics
um so the very first one that i uh very
much believe in is
focusing on a problem uh not a solution
uh i'm mentioning this uh because i see
a lot of
companies starting around solutions
and um these solutions are
often not things that really stay around
or that are not very
uh fundamental it's important to
um yeah let's say build a product
and build a company not a feature or um
or a small thing it also
makes that if you if you saw if you
focus on a problem
uh that that can evolve with the market
uh
and you can grow as a as a product and
as a company
while if you if you're focused on this
one solution that's very hard to do
um so we focus for instance on the issue
um where crms are now being filled out
and uh in general more on
how sales people need to spend a lot of
time on things that are not really
human stuff not like what what sales
people are are hired for
so there's a whole lot of work we can do
there and it's not just that very
initial thing where we connect some
some data and organize it we can go way
beyond that
and and and make sure that we sort of
keep that competitive edge it's
interesting you should say this as the
first point i put a post on linkedin
earlier
i've had terra wearing recently recently
you're in so last saturday i was up all
evening the whole night
with an ear infection didn't get a wink
of sleep and i was literally thinking in
my head
for that to solve this problem if a
doctor could give me a pill i would
literally give him
nearly all the money in my bank account
to make it go away it was that bad it
was like someone was jarring a knife
into my hair and i was just i was just
moaning and grinning my girlfriend was
next to me trying to get to sleep she
was like sam shut up i was like
it hurts too bad like taking all these
pills and they weren't doing anything
and i just remember thinking like you
see so many um websites messaging ads
they're all geared towards how good
companies are how many awards they've
won
um how cool they are all these features
and benefits and really like you say
you've got to start with the problem so
what actually you you fix
in your case your crm fixes saves sales
people time saves them the arduous task
of constantly entering data
because it auto-populates it so we need
to think about that first
and what yeah that makes perfect sense
man i like it
yeah and then and then to make that
easier
um it's good to pick a problem that you
can identify with so that also means
uh picking a problem um
of people that you can identify with so
solving a problem for sort of your
people
um um choosing
that that that that immediately implies
choosing a market
um and choosing a market very much uh
defines
the people you'll hang out with it very
much defines
the people you get in touch with um and
if you really enjoy being in touch with
these people
then that will make your customer
proximity so much better
uh everything i talked about earlier
when it comes to
being close to your customers
understanding them very well listening
better moving faster
if you if we for instance
because i i often have people saying
like oh why don't you build this for
real estate there's there's such a huge
need there
i'm not really like a real estate guy i
don't
particularly uh enjoy real estate and
all that
so if we would have built a crm for real
estate
i'm pretty sure it would have been
pretty shitty um
we focus on uh agencies i used to work
in an agency we focus on
on software companies and on startups
and we can identify very well with all
of
these art groups which makes that we can
we can make an actual difference there
i remember actually when i um
joined the founder institute which is
where i met my co-founder
the very first day the founder of the
whanau institute
at the oresse he did a presentation and
there was this slide
where he said like you can build this
very fancy
uh used car sales platform
that really revolutionizes that thing
and looks super fancy and all
uh but in the end you will place
yourself in the used car sales market
uh which means that you will have to
deal every day
uh with used car sales people used car
sales buyers
you know you'll you'll be enveloped by
all that and you need to understand that
very well when you start this sort of
company
it will define whether you feel good and
how well you will do and all these
things
to a very large extent got it so we're
talking about
actually being passionate about our
ideal clients our prospects the people
that we're going to be working with
so picking an industry or a sector so in
your case you worked in agencies so
that's mainly who you target
and why i target this podcast i want to
learn from business owners
sales marketers that are smarter than me
i respect so that's why i started this
i'm passionate about i'm passionate
about growing business online so
yeah that makes sense because i guess
there's no longevity really if you're
just looking at an industry you don't
really care that much about so you're
going to put less time and effort into
it and the results won't be there
it's it's sort of like when you uh when
you go for a job
as far as i'm concerned when you when
you pick a job there's two things that
are
important one do you like the culture of
the company where you're gonna work
so that's the second thing i said like
choosing the people you wanna you wanna
focus on
and then do you like the job content do
you like what you're going to do
which is the problem you're focusing on
is that something you enjoy
and if these two are a fit then it's a
good job
if these two are fit and it's a good
thing to focus on with your company but
if
they don't then you better look for
something else
got it man well step three step three
is uh again uh keeping your customers as
close as as possible
okay um yeah like i said um
if you start acting like a big company
which is which is something you
you easily do as a small company you
sort of have this this complex like
we're so small nobody's going to believe
in us
uh and you you start organizing things
so that people think you're a very big
company
now the problem is that you also lose
your
um your competitive edge versus big
companies like that
because you'll also start treating
customers
like numbers while you
can do the opposite you can keep
customers very very close
uh treat them as friends instead of
numbers
you can offer them what what uh what
these big companies can't you can offer
them
extreme personal care um and you can get
to know their problems
um and desires very very intimately
um so for instance
in our case what i like to do is get on
the support yet now and then
i'm not going to stay away from that i i
even
often in evenings uh taylor
who who does support she's not around
and i see someone having something
urgent i'll help them out
um i'll be active in facebook groups
with our target audience i'll connect
with actually with every person who
comes on salesflare
uh i'll connect on linkedin and this is
all to sort of
keep that very close relationship
because
when they do that uh ads not just that
salesforce but hubspot or pipedrive
they'll never get that experience uh
that co-founder connects with them and
and wants to know
how they feel about things you know a
lot more personal by the sounds of it
which like you say these these massive
corporate companies
um i guess they're just not able to do
it on the level the the smaller
businesses are especially if you're a
startup then you can't have that
personal touch
just like you say you can support them
live chat you can probably hop on a call
or video call with them
so you can really give them the next
level of support so they feel like
they're really looked after and there's
some longevity so that's that's awesome
that's a really nice point yeah
and and it's not just not just me but
let's say you uh start scaling a support
team
or a sales team it's very very hard the
the larger that team becomes uh to train
people in such a way that they can give
stellar customer support to stellar
sales
that's that's something you you still
have very much under control when you're
a small company so you need to really
capitalize on that
got it man okay cool so what's number
four
number four is uh never skipping any
steps
along the way um we discussed this
shortly already
uh before uh when we were talking about
slowly automating the process uh so
so first keeping customers very close
and then
uh letting go automating delegating uh
step by step
uh it's very important that you try
things first
um optimize them try to nail them
uh and then and then sort of build from
there so the
i i like to say often nail it before you
before you scale it
uh and this applies when it comes to
automating but it also applies to
delegating so
uh don't just automate things right away
um and before you understand
how you would do it manually but also
don't hire
people before you've done the job
yourself because
if you haven't done it yourself it's
very hard to manage people to do the job
well
or to even recognize um who would do a
good job at
at it um we actually
restarted salesflare reading the book uh
getting real
by 37 signals uh and and and a big part
of that book is also about that it's
it's really from
uh starting small starting with the
essence
and then and then growing from there
fantastic man i love that piece you said
never
never really expect people that you hire
to do something you wouldn't do
so it's it's kind of like hiring a sales
guy
getting them to run all these demos and
expect them to bring drive all this
revenue get all these sales in and if
you've never sold the product yourself
if you don't actually know the sales
cycle the questions that clients are
going to ask and how to
kind of overcome objections within your
product and all these
stuff it's just not going to work is it
if you don't if you can't help them with
that how are they going to know no
no yeah and that's something especially
technical co-founders
uh will easily do they won't trust their
own
uh sales skills they say i i've never
sold before
um but if you as a as a
as a you might be a technical co-founder
it doesn't matter
if you cannot uh sell
your product if you don't understand why
people need it
and convince them to use it then you
will not be able to hire someone
that will do it for you you have the
sort of the passion you have
all the the knowledge about what you're
doing
um so you should you should be able to
do it if you can't then it's
it's very hard to scale from there i
believe got it
try it nail it and build it and never
skip the the previous steps all right
that's that's it we're just over halfway
we've got three more steps to go my
friend
yeah the next one is uh is a building
further on this
um as soon as you've done that
uh let's let's say you you you always do
things manually and you never uh
scale the things then that's not gonna
work either because
imagine you're um like a seven person
company like we are
and you're trying to compete with
companies there are at least uh 700
people or even
40 or 50 000 or whatever uh that's not
gonna work you need to be able to focus
uh really your time as much as possible
with your customers
uh and focus your time on building value
uh and you can only do that if you
automate all the other things away
so don't keep yourself busy um
really automate things as much as
possible there's
things you can use like zapier i'm
personally a huge fan
of of building building apps uh i think
we have about a hundred zaps running at
salesflare that automate just about
everything we do
um then there's obviously
uh zapier is just connecting the
different software products but we
also have a lot of different good
software products
that make our life so much easier
salesflare is a is a good one as well
obviously
um where you automated data inputs you
can
send automated email sequences and all
these kind of things
um and that's a quick tangible example
of that you're in
so it's processes that might speed up
things for startups
um or any any ones that have
particularly helped you i know you
mentioned
zapier there so is it are we talking
about things like automatic emails are
we talking about things like using
templates for demos or
what kind of stuff are we talking about
that automate that's actually going to
make our life easier that we don't need
to spend
a time on all of these things so for
instance when we reach out to
um integration partners or potential
partners
um like agencies that partner up with us
and that's all with automated email so
what we do is we do some really good
research on
on who we're gonna reach out to and you
have all kinds of tools to do that
uh in a good way but then from there we
just load it into salesforce
and it starts emailing by itself until
people uh reply
that's one example uh another example
for instance for us to get
uh reviews we have this automation set
up that when people
give us a an nps score of nine or ten
that
they they automatically get asked to
review and then
they go there our whole onboarding
process
uh with people getting on the software
the whole follow-up flow is actually
fully automated
all the little reach outs we do are
automated
um while being personalized so we go
as far as far as possible with uh
sending the right things at the right
times
the first reach out is always automated
so we don't have to go in the
go pull lists and then and then contact
people one by one
but then as soon as people reply and we
have a conversation then that's manual
again
because that's where we really add value
is is in having the conversation itself
so it's really focusing on what doesn't
need us
uh per se what what a what a robot could
take over and then and then
and then organize it like that uh and
focus our time
where we add the most value excellent
tip
excellent tip okay and number six lisa
six is is uh a bit further on that
um it's very important to focus on
what the course the core value that you
bring
this is a common thing in
in business thinking but what is the
core value you bring
and really focus on that and try to
outsource the rest
you can do this on many levels um
when you start off uh for instance with
if you build a software product for
instance
um then you need to think very well like
what is technically the core of what
we're building
and which things don't we need to spend
time on so for instance uh
um back in the day you had to
uh make every button in your soft
references
yourself nowadays just pick frameworks
for that
um initially when we started building
salesflare
or email integration for instance we
didn't build it ourselves we used an
external system for that
and it was only after a while that we
internalized that because
if we would have done it from scratch in
the beginning ourselves
it would have taken so much time and
even a year it wouldn't have worked to
get that first customer
so first we outsourced it and then at
some point when we decided this is
really core technology we started
pulling it in and this is something you
can do on on many levels there's always
thinking like is this part of our core
value
or is there someone that can do this
cheaper than we would do it
internally and actually in a better way
perhaps
are there iron are there any main focus
points that you'd say a key
for let's say startup businesses um
because that's mainly what we're talking
about
or new businesses that have only been
going a few years that they should focus
on
for example should we focus on our main
product
should we focus on retaining our
customers and revenue should those be
the three things or i might have missed
a few
and then everything else should we look
to outsource or delegate elsewhere
you need to decide where you're building
the value and then and then but if you
want to generalize it
i would say uh building your product and
service is core
and and selling it is core all the other
things
not so much but then within that there
are still things that
you might say like okay but this is not
something we absolutely need to do
uh and and you can give that away as
well
[Music]
got it man okay and the final tip lisa
and the final one as a very important
one as well
is um it's a bit like in the have you
have you read the seven habits of highly
effective people i think it is by
stephen colby
i haven't i need to need to get onto
that one
it's uh it is actually sort of the
seventh point there as well
um it's taking plenty of time to sharpen
the saw
so like you can be sawing every day and
at some point the
the saw doesn't solid well anymore uh
taking the time to sharpen it uh what we
do
um for instance on a bi-weekly basis we
have a
uh a team meeting in which we see what
went
wrong in the last two weeks uh what went
well and then we
we tried to fix what went wrong and and
learn
about what went well uh this helps us to
always
improve um we also have monthly
one-on-ones with people to go through
these kind of things but more on a
personal basis not on a team basis
we go through um all the feedback
uh we received from customers also on a
bi-weekly basis
and prioritize that um you know there's
all kind of
all kinds of processes we have running
to always always improve um
if you don't do that it's very easy to
get stuck somewhere with your business
in a rut and and and to sort of
uh lose that momentum um
or or things just just start going wrong
somewhere you know
nice one man so a combination of things
it sounds like working with your team
to understand any feedback or any
questions or any problems that they've
got
working with your customers at the same
time and um
shopping in terms of kind of personal
development
are are there any is that one book that
you'd recommend you read seven habits of
highly effective people that have helped
you a lot are there any specific books
or podcasts that have helped you
with your business growth um
that book i read quite a long time ago
is it was very interesting
um for business growth i
tend to listen to podcasts like mixergy
uh in case you know it's uh the sas
podcast
i often listen to as well um and i
started listening to indie hackers now
these are a bit more specific to
sas companies most of these podcasts so
maybe not directly
uh applicable but
good man well appreciate you sharing the
the seven tips with us
and uh just just to recap the seven step
process to beat
your giant competitors so we've got
number one focus on the problem not the
solution
and secondly we've got focusing on
solving a problem for your people so
actually focusing on
sectors or clients that you're
passionate about rather than just going
for any tom
or harry keep customers as close as
possible
so we talked about looking at them as
friends rather than numbers
um and like you said if you're able to
because you're most likely gonna be a
small team you can do
add that personal touch really like
hopping on live chat hopping on calls
and really help making sure your
customers are happy
um four is it sounds like refining
everything so never skipping a step
and making sure you do everything nicely
um number five automate
any robotic tasks anything that doesn't
actually need your personal attention
that you can
set up a robot or set up a system or a
platform or piece of software to do
make sure you do that um six focus on
your core values and then outsource the
rest so anything you don't need to be
doing that's not gonna drive revenue or
retain customers outsource that
and then seven um focus on sharpening
the source so refining everything making
sure you're keeping learning
taking customer feedback and working
with your team to grow the company
awesome man
um we appreciate you coming on your in
we do like to to ask everyone that comes
on is there one thing that businesses
should be doing
with digital marketing that will help
them from today
um i will choose
writing proper content when doing
content marketing
uh i think what a lot of companies are
trying nowadays is they're jumping on
content marketing
they want to do it in a in a
cost-effective way let's say uh so
they'll they'll try to get a cheap
copywriter somewhere
um they choose a topic they'll say to
the copywriter start writing
and that copywriter might not
necessarily know the topic they're
writing about so well and they'll just
read on the internet what other
copywriters have written and then take
that
mash it up and and uh create more uh
crap content for the internet
i would like to that to stop uh
it's not effective content nobody will
will want to read it maybe google
actually even google will not rank it
anymore and because google will will see
that people are not properly reading it
uh and google will say like okay this
doesn't belong in the
in the top 10 or the top three or
whatever um
so i would really um i would really pop
people
tell people to stop that and actually
write about what they know
and if you want to have content about
stuff you don't really know
which is maybe weird when you because
your blog should be more about
like what you're what you're uh thinking
about
then get someone else to write it who
knows uh knows about that topic
uh but stop giving it to to just any
copywriter
okay so focus on topics that you
actually know a lot about
and then uh anything you don't kind of
outsource it to a professional that does
is that what you're saying
makes sense man i appreciate it well
everyone you've been tuning in to sam's
business growth show
where we sit down with business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe we found out their story
how digital marketing has helped along
the way and they're exclusive tips and
insights to help you skyrocket
yourselves and scrap your business
we'd like to ask everyone that comes on
if you could thank just one person if a
dead or alive having a positive
influence on yourself and your career
who would that be and why
uh i think that would be my wife who was
uh always supporting me
on this journey uh without her i
wouldn't have started this i think
awesome man that's a safe bet to pick as
well um
appreciate it so please tell us a bit
more about how people can learn from you
how they can connect with your roon and
the best way to get in touch and a
little bit more about your business
uh to learn about salesflare you can go
to salesflare.com it's sales and then
flare.com
uh if you wanna if you wanna try the
software uh there's a button at the top
right that says
free crm trial or something or try it
free or i don't know exactly
um and you can get um anywhere between
seven and 30 days of a trial
depends on how well you use it you get
extra days
uh to connect with me you can get on
linkedin
my name is a bit hard to write but you
i'm sure you can find it somewhere when
you're listening to this podcast or
watching this on linkedin
uh there's only one person with my name
so i'm pretty easy to find
um as soon as you can type it please add
a message
because otherwise i won't know where you
come from
and i'll i'll think you're probably just
another person who wants to sell me
something
um did you have another question or was
that it
that was it dude appreciate you coming
on and um everyone if you enjoyed the
podcast be sure to subscribe on your
channel of choice spirit apple podcast
stitcher
spotify youtube wherever the heck you
get your podcast we've got tons of
episodes of business leaders
experts sells and marketing leaders from
around the globe so hit subscribe on
your channel of choice
otherwise you're in really appreciate
you coming on dude
you're welcome that's nice are you tired
of constantly hunting for new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because your
website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach that
brings idle clients
straight to you connect with sam dunning
on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation
via webchoiceuk.com
that's webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts